That's enough!
Master Xia seems to have failed in his duties
I don't care about you as much as you say
Sure enough, pheasants just can't come and hang out?
I suggest you don't get carried away
Jiangnan, you are very capable now, right?
Ring, I listen to you.
I'm not going to work
Never go again
Don't embarrass the commander anymore, okay?
You know how to beg for mercy now
It's late, I'll smash his store tomorrow
Please.
Come on, tell me what you want.
brother
Say what?
Lan Lan
From Now On
I have nothing left.
Did something happen?
Why is that?
I will always be with you.
Pardon me?
I said I will always be with you, not my sister.
Lan Lan
What did you just call me?